My spiced baked porridge. Absolutely love it. Why? I grew up with it. There's something very Scottish about porridge. It's that kind of sort of great start to the day. My father used to say, porridge needs salt and salt only. It separates the men from the boys. Didn't really like it. He always insisted, salt puts hairs on you. I used to sneak a couple of sugar lumps from cafes and put them in my porridge without him watching. These days, my porridge has much more flavor than just salt. It's packed with fruit, nuts, and spices. Add vanilla seeds to porridge oats or oatmeal. Really important just to rub the vanilla through the oatmeal. Makes it nice and fragrant. Now a little teaspoon of cinnamon makes it spicier, and then nutmeg. Already. That smells incredible. I quite like making this up week at a time, and Jack absolutely loves it. Now whole almonds. Now if you don't like that kind of crunch running through the porridge, you can chop these up or blend them to a powder. But I quite like this sort of texture. Hazelnuts, incredibly good. A really nice crunch. Keep your vanilla pod in there as well. That just gives it even more lift. And, of course, once it's baked, just pull it out. Instead of sugar, I'm adding sweetness with fruit, fresh pears, and raisins. Cranberries are great as well. Chopped apricots as well. Dried apricots in there. Dried mango, I love dried fruit. Next, pour in a pint of milk and mix. This can be done the night before, left in the fridge. And then a couple of minutes before you go to bake it, add your cream. Now into your dish. It looks quite liquid, but by the time it bakes, has this really nice rich crust on top. And then just a nice little nutmeg on top. Now bake at a 180 for 30 to 35 minutes. Then take the porridge out, sprinkle on demerara sugar, and grill to create a sweet golden crust and sort of glaze on top. Beautiful. Literally for 3 to 4 minutes. Look at that. That makes me feel proud to be Scottish because it's perfect for a big comfort family breakfast. It's rich. It's sumptuous, and it's just a humble oatmeal. Phenomenal, especially in the winter. My spice baked porridge with all those nuts and fruit, it's a bowl full of love to start the day.